
power point assignments:

	jamison - diagrams,1 technical challenge
	Lance -how reached current design, progress,1 technical challenge
	charles- 1 technical challenge, test plan
	
	
For your convenience, I am including a link to an Excel document showing the exact meeting times. The document is ordered by team number.




In the second meeting, you will have to make a short presentation -- about 10-20 minutes -- with slides and satisfying all of the following 9 requirements, simultaneously:

1. All team members have to present something.

2. No intro and no ending are necessary (skip introduction of team and team members, time schedule, budget, etc.)

3. The presentation will clearly state the scope of the project (try to explain this coherently, in simple terms -- main ideas and intuition behind them).


4. The presentation will clearly state the current design (block diagrams, pictures, etc. should be included). If you believe this is the weak point of your project, you will have to work hard demonstrate some design component.


5. The presentation will clearly state how you have reached the current design (explain the process of design) and how the project progressed so far.


6. The presentation will point out from 2 to 5 technical challenges you have encountered during the project design and/or implementation, and the brilliant solutions you found to overcome these challenges.


7. The presentation will show the existence of a coherent test plan which was (or still is) carried out. This will demonstrate that you approached the problem in a systematic manner.


8. You must show that you have thought of all possible scenarios when producing the design, and that you have prepared for all impossible scenarios by designing a good testing and debugging plan.


9. The presentation will have a clear story line (narrative), and should flow well. Try to make connections between different phases of the presentation, so that the transitions are smooth.


Try to stick to light-colored backgrounds (light colored backgrounds look better on large screens -- like the projector you will use during the final IRP presentation, so try to stick to that starting now.) Make sure your presentation has enough contrast (no yellow writing on white background).


Make sure your presentation is either PDF or is run on the cloud, so that it looks the same on any machine (no ppt -- just convert to PDF and play PDF slide show).


For this second meeting, you will have to present using your own machine (please do not bring me memory sticks).